Attempt to write python-search-path docs (#348)
easybuilders/easybuild-docs: docs/python-search-path.md

This does the correct thing by only considering the correct Python version, and puts the module provided Python packages at the lowest priority path, allowing a user venv to shadow the packages correctly.

## Using `--prefer-python-search-path` 

Since v5.0.0 the new global configuration option `--prefer-python-search-path` can be used to EasyBuild prefer the use of either `PYTHONPATH` or `EBPYTHONPREFIXES`.
For backwards compatibility with existing modules, EasyBuild was unfortunately required to keep `PYTHONPATH` as the default.
Note that the option is just the preferred option, if the package path doesn't follow the standard `lib/pythonY.X/site-packages` format then `PYTHONPATH` must be used. If multi-deps is used, then `EBPYTHONPREFIXES` is required.

If you wish to switch to `EBPYTHONPREFIXES`, you should also traverse the existing Python bundles you have installed and make sure to rebuild the modules.
Failure to do so might leave you with a few easyconfigs that requiring shadowing of older package versions not working correctly due to the import priority changing.

> If you are switching to building a new tree, you can safely switch this option to `EBPYTHONPREFIXES` and enjoy the benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building a new software stack from scratch, you can safely switch this option to `EBPYTHONPREFIXES` and enjoy the benefits.
```
